>> New documentary.
>> Birth control, it's
so inextricably tied
into our freedom as women.
But at what cost?
Only half the
story's being told.
>> This week on Gaia.
New series.
>> The Shakespeare
Rosie Cross Fraternity,
embedded a royal secret so
dangerous at the time it simply
had to be encrypted.
>> On Beyond Belief
with George Noory.
>> Everyone is already connected
to spirit before they come
to me for a reading.
So I'm not carrying
everyone's loved ones with me.
They are.
>> On Open Minds
with Regina Meredith.
>> When a dark night of such
intensity appears we know that
something amazing
is being prepared.
>> On a new season
of Cosmic Disclosure.
>> If we could just stop
fighting for 10 minutes,
agree on 10 things, and
make those things happen,
then we could change our own
civilization for the better.
>> On the Arc of Time.
>> From the year 2012, a
gradual path of transformation
for humanity would begin
which would generate a great
mutation.
Not just for our species,
but all over the planet.
>> Only on Gaia.